OK, in this video, we're going to be talking about building a spring jokes at.
So as I previously said in the introduction to the section, we're going to build a springboard application
that is going to display random Chuck Norris quotes.
So this is actually I think I mentioned it, it was inspired by a Chuck Norris plug in for Jenkins Suchi.
Jenkins is a build server and you can do a plug in that does little Chuck Norris jokes.
So I created one for spring boot actuator.
So through an excavator endpoint, you can actually get a Chuck Norris joke out of that.
So what we want to do is take this artifact that I have published in MAVEN Central.
We'll include that in our project and utilize that to get a Chuck Norris quote or joke through a spring
MVC application so we can use Spring MVC and timely.
Then we'll create a service to get that from the library that I wrote and then display that.
So this is going to be very similar to the spring route applications we've already talked about in the
course.
And what I want to do is a little bit of a challenge for you.
I'd like you to go ahead and try to complete the task from the directions in this lecture.
So we've done everything that we need to do for the assignment.
We've already done that in the course here.
I'm giving you a challenge to go in and actually utilize that.
So I'm going to have some step by step directions for you.
And I will go ahead and code that through the next series of videos and show you how to do each step.
But what I want you to do is try to do it on your own first.
So I am recommending you to go ahead and follow that GitHub workflow that we talked about in Section
two.
So that's going to be for my GitHub repository for this to your own GitHub account and then check that
out into a working directory and you want to be using the default branch.
Amane, if I remember right, I will just check in a read me on that.
So effectively be an empty project for you to start building your good application.
So what we want to do is go ahead and utilize the spring initialise or this is a tool that allows us
to quickly generate a spring boot project.
You can use the Web version at Startup Springdale or directly to your ontology.
I'll let you decide on that.
Use Java 11 or higher.
I think 15 is out right now.
So Java 11 is going to be with us for some time yet.
We are going to do a Mavin build.
If you want to use Gradle, go and do that in pretty simple lightweight projects.
So I am going to be using MAVEN's.
So that would be the example that you see me using.
You want to be taking just the spring web and timely dependencies in the spring and Lizer, that will
give us everything that we need.
And then once you use spring there to create it, we want to take those generated files and add them
to our workspace.
Now, we need to go ahead and add in the dependancy for the Chuck Norris jokes that dependancy is guru,
that spring framework, the artifact name as Chuck Norris for Actuator.
And at the time of recording the latest release was the TUDA 4.0.
So that's pretty stable.
So I've had some people submit additional jokes that I've incremented that.
But the current release is too tough or that zero.
Well, we want to do is go ahead and create a service so we'll have a service that's going to just simply
return a string and can see the method there.
This is going to be good or spring framework.
Noris, Chuck, Chuck Norris quotes and then get a random quote.
So very simple method for us to call from our service.
Then we want to take a jokes controller so that controller is going to have a single method, we just
want to use the context.
We don't have to do anything fancy here.
And the model being returned, we want to add a property of joke to the model so that we can see the
Chuck Norris quote or joke that is being returned from the service and then that controller method that
is going to return back the view name of index for a timely template, view of index.
So go ahead and correspond each other and then update the view to display the joke from the string in
the model and start spring and enjoy the jokes that you see on the on the screen there.
And just to reiterate the jokes controller, we won't use Spring Springs dependency injection to go
ahead and inject and the jokes service into the controller that that way we'll use the spring dependency
injection to to work together all this model.
So just recap here again for my repository and then check out of GitHub, create that spring boot project,
complete the application using the directions on the previous couple screens there, and the slide deck
will be uploaded into the course resources as a PDF that you can download.
So you'll have that for your reference and go ahead and see if you can complete that.
But don't worry, I'm not going to leave you hanging on this.
We will go through each of the steps in detail in upcoming videos in this section of the course.